turnO
#### Video Demo:  <URL HERE>
Description: TurnO is a Web app for Banks and Hospitals in where the clients of the business can put some information in order to get the turn. this information about the client is save in a database. the Business can have the full information and statistic about the clients in a ceratin timeframe that converts this web app in this business best ally. if you want more information, access to the link in which you are going to see all in a video. control.html: controls the turns numbers. edit.html: when a business wants to update his email. editphone.html: when a business wants to edit his phone number. edit size.html: when a business wants to edit his size. exit.html: when a business wants to exit customer side. forgot.html: when a business forgot his password. homepage.html: homepage with not login required. home.html: homepage with login required. layout.html: prototype html style for the all html pages. message.html: provide the customer turn. order.html: customers information. profile.html: display business information and also when a information update is required. register.html: when a business wants to enroll with us. screen.html: shows the turn running in all the spot for all queues. staff.html: the staff select the queu for each spot. stats.html: business analytics. table.html: full business analytics. turnos.html: customer select the queu. styless.css: webapp style. turno.png: logo. turnoicon.png: icon webapp. prueba.py: backend logic. prueba.py: practice lab for ideas. readme.md: webapp descrition.

